All right. We've done quite a bit in our lesson today.
What we did is we set up a local development environment,
and inside that development environment,
we install Python and got our packages running.
Next, we went through and we learned about makefiles and
how makefiles are very powerful but old
technology that allows us to put
multiple commands together and package them into a logical runner.
Next, we went to installing Docker.
So inside of Docker,
it gives us the ability to not just run docker containers but also to run Kubernetes.
Then finally, we got into Linton with Docker.
So we were able to use had a lint,
test our Linton capabilities and then verify that they
work with a SaaS-based build provider CircleCI.
Then after we got all that setup,
we were able to start working on our application.
What we did is we ran Docker locally and we
verified that we can install bash and run bash
and get a Ubuntu running and then verify that
those Python packages were actually installed in that container.
Then the final step was to go through and take a customized
container that we built,
deployed it to Amazon ECR and then verify that we're able
to actually upload that,
and it's now living in our Container Registry.
What's powerful about this is it now allows us to deploy
that container into thousands of nodes and actually reach
a scale and also a reliability that previously didn't exist before
containers were a widescale technology that's been used in the marketplace.